I can cut the nail and tell you now.
You smell he's never taken stimulants
He's doing it all on his own.
Win the championship of this trial
Did you hear that?
Coach Tang
Clarify for my daughter personally
Can you believe it now?
My daughter, she's not on stimulants.
She's doing it all on her own.
Was recommended to the Olympic Games
I still believe what others say
Don Hurd
I don't believe a word you said
You and Lin Wenwen were accomplices
Are you sure?
The medicine you gave her that day
Isn't it a stimulant?
Do you dare to take her for a urine test?
Hmm, I was wondering
Go to so much effort
Help him round this job for what?
After all, everyone says it's not good to get up early
Now I know.
Are you two ready?
Deceive the 1 million of Mr. Yang of Yunting Group, right?
Made a fake grade with stimulants
And deceive 1 million
You two find a place to hide
Have a good time, right?
Lin Yaozu laughed because of the iron
Not stupid enough
You don't even know what the hidden score means
You smell it clearly
Aren't you afraid of being punished?